# Aidan Lonergan - Sprint 1 Reflection

Aidan Lonergan, alonergan, aflonergan@gmail.com, StockApp Group

## What I Planned To Do
- Implement the database and create the schema and models inside Django
- Implement Django API to consume basic financial data from alphaVantage and get and set database information
- Create React app scaffolding and URL routing
- Implement Navigation bar to navigate between home, data, and account pages

## What I Did Not Do
- N/A - All tasks accomplished

## Issues Completed
- Implement the database and create the schema and models inside Django
- Implement Django API to consume basic financial data from alphaVantage and get and set database information
- Create React app scaffolding and URL routing
- Implement Navigation bar to navigate between home, data, and account pages
- Resolve deployment issues with Azure and Github Actions yaml files
- Provide front end examples for consuming the API and displaying the information
- Implement a Markets tab to show popular stock information
- Implement the trades tab to show all trades performed for an account
- Implement the accounts view table to show account information
- Implement the ability for a user to withdrawal and deposit money into their account

## Files You Worked On
- All files in the respository

Since this is a full stack application and I was responsible for setting up the frontend, backend, and database I have worked 
on every file in this repository aside from the ones auto generated by the framework.

## Use of AI / 3rtd Party Software

- AI

In my professional work we have access to many advanced models through Github CoPilot. In this case I only had access to ChatGPT, so I 
mainly utilized it for writing boiler plate components, identifying obscure bugs, and providing insight into Azure deployment issues.

- 3rd Party

We utilize the ANT Design React UI library for astectic reuseable frontend components. No other 3rd party code is used.


## What I Accomplished
All of the above tasks were accomplished. The most time consuming process was creating the models in Django and building the basic React
frontend app. Once those tasks were done, I began to implement the NavBar, Markets, Account, and Dashboard (outline) components. In
addition to the initial tasks I also assisted teammates in their implementations, resolved Azure deployment issues, and 
created a few reusable frontend components


I'd say this was a productive sprint, and one that had much more work than necessary due to needing to setup
the basics before even beginning UI development. The next sprint should be much more focused and require
less time investment.